hi more time between us since Christmas
and said that I did the video of the market
municipal
today he will go to you about my
enzyme applications
I started the third application and I did
a video together with mexico authorized to make a
video to show you how it is
the application of enzymes has the same
here he calls are some organic
which they apply in the area only if
asking where there is another located and
helps to break the molecules of
fat and you get me through the
hills of the sun also along with
application of enzymes is not enough to
the girls it will help and in the fats
located
But you have to go on a diet for
This continues to consume fat sugar
you will continue to accumulate fat
not those who more you make application
but somewhere else had its staff
making the whole application of enzymes
so much with it
I 'm also doing a diet is the basis
of a healthy diet and tomorrow begin to
gym is so I came here just to
tell you guys to show
Do not you see how it was mine?
third session later in the end I want
show you one before and one after
What is it like?
I hope you like it and leave your
Do you like it or do not you
one in three sons of two daughters
it is not a process that the channel that connects the
I laughed at my youngest patient here
It's all in the beautiful year.
past our native tongue of singer 16
here the last one also changes you will
starting and I include myself the same
traveling I did not abuse food like this
from mayotte a god our limitation
very quiet already has so much option
one of his immense talent is because he
So I think the product
it has a basic element to
developing new ones would not
it is
this game today afternoon when it is already
again enough when it rains because
he broke the wall would have begun to be
famous and medium
I think I missed chrome on tc
and another thing that he himself point of
accident was that I have to be
attentive because it works but if
You want to say yes, politician in Italy?
only taking money would go to the same
neighborhood suffers a little bit but neuton
he did little for the size
okay